Simple tools for handling EcoFlow batteries

These are very much a prototype. To make them more useful needs
- integrating with a proper JSON parser that doesn't suck (I couldn't find
  one on a quick search) 
- using mosquitto as a library so it doesn't end up with credentials
  in the command line
- adding protobuf style parsing if you want to read from the PowerStream or
  Plugs (the Plugs also support Matter)

I'm mostly putting it up so that people trying to decipher how the hell you
control these things have a starting point that's a bit better than
"Install gigs of homeassistant, install special sideloading stuff into
 that, install even more into that" and to be able to turn a battery on and
off without using an entire virtual machine running its own custom Linux
OS. 

This is not an official tool or endorsed by or endorsing Ecoflow. In fact
if there are other products that meet your needs I would recommend them
instead as the Ecoflow API is poorly to undocumented and requires talking
JSON to servers in China. Not exactly what you want for a device that
you want to manage in a power-loss situation. 

To set up the .ecoflow file see
https://konkludenz.de/en/making-ecoflow-wave-2-smart-home-capable-with-node-red-and-mqtt/

The script there will give you the

user (omit the app)
password
ident
id

needed for the authentication side. These go into the .ecoflow file along
with entries of the form

0: SERIALOFDEV0
1: SERIALOFDEV1 

So something like

id 1XXXXXXXX
userid dXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
password 8XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
ident ANDROID_XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXX
0: R1234...


It should work with any batteries that use the EcoFlow cloud protocol and
JSON. The devices that use protobufs won't work. It has had limited testing
on the Delta 2 and the River 2.

To add commands run the monitoring script from the URL above, set the
options and paste the resulting data with a %d for the ident info into
the tiny table in the ecoset app. It will also let you have a pair of %d
values and put the second value off the command line into the app.

Right now it only knows how to turn reserve on/off at 30% so I can power
the batteries up off mains between 2 and 5am then switch back to running
as a solar/battery UPS. This seems to work so far with the Delta2
but the River2 randomly powers off the 12v and AC for reasons not yet clear
even when told not to (irrespective of using these tools) and is going to
get returned as unfit for purpose. Could be a faulty unit (I think there
is a reason Ecoflow are forever having sales on refurbished units) but
unclear.
